docs: update running-browser-tests.md (#1634)
grafana/k6-docs: docs/sources/next/using-k6-browser/running-browser-tests.md

   {{% /admonition %}}

> 1. Optional step: running browser tests in Docker on Macbooks with Apple Silicon:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Optional step: running browser tests in Docker on Mac computers with Apple Silicon:
```
